feat: prefetch upcoming chunks in background during on-demand iteration (#32)
tweag/genesis-sync-accelerator: doc/design.md

### Prefetching

The GSA can optionally download a configurable number of chunks ahead of the current
position. This overlaps chunk fetching with serving, absorbing download latency that
would otherwise stall the process at chunk boundaries.

Without prefetching:

```
  serving:            |──  N  ──|         |── N+1 ──|         |── N+2 ──|
  fetching: |──  N  ──|         |── N+1 ──|         |── N+2 ──|
```

With prefetching:

```
  serving:            |──  N  ──|── N+1 ──|── N+2 ──|
  fetching: |──  N  ──|── N+1 ──|── N+2 ──|── N+3 ──|
```

Prefetching has interactions with cache: prefetched chunks are protected from cache
eviction as long as they are within the prefetch window of at least one client.

**NOTE:** While the necessity of prefetching has been theorized based on how the
devoted `BlockFetch` logic works and certainly increases performance, its ability to

> actually prevent the accelerator from being demoted has not yet been observed experimentally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
devoted `BlockFetch` logic works and certainly increases performance, there has not yet been opportunity to observe whether this can prevent the accelerator from being demoted.
```
I think this makes it a bit clearer that there's not yet _opportunity_, rather than that it's been there but not been fulfilled.
